Exploring the Berlin tech scene for 6 months didn't fill the void of living in
a fast paced environment filled with tech events. So I decided to take a leap
and see what's going on in New York City. I didn't expect much more tech related
events than in Berlin mainly because NYC is not really known as a tech city, but
as it turns out there's quite a lot going on...

Keep in mind that this list is highly leaned towards the iOS Community.

Over the course of 84 days, I Attended 49 events from 19 different Meetup
groups.

To better compare all the groups I will break them down into 3 different
categories:

Meetups with talks:
- Brooklyn Swift Developers
    As it says in the name, events take place in Brooklyn hosted by startups
    like Kikstarter or Etsy. And it's all about Apple's new programming language
    Swift. All the talks that I saw were very insightful and interesting with a
    high quality rate.
- Turn To Tech
    Hosted in Turn To Tech offices in Flatiron where they tech they courses for
    iOS and Android development, check them out at: turntotech.com.
- NYC Apps
    "New York's Most Innovative Mobile Technology Community" indeed, you can
    expect high quality talks and presentations. Hosted & sponsored by different
    copanies around NYC and organization is 💯.
- Tech After Hours
    The organizer, Eric David Benari, makes almost a show out of this events and
    usually draws a huge crowd. Talks are usualy about new and uprising
    technologies. Usually hosted in ThoughtWorks in mid-town.
- SQL NYC, The NoSQL & NewSQL Database Meetup
    Organized also by Eric David Benari. Come 15 minutes before the start if you
    want to get a seat.
- iOSoho - New York City's largest iOS Engineer Meetup
    This group is exclusively for iOS Developers (They check if you have any
    iOS experience when you try to join the group). Atmosphere at this events is
    amazing with high quality talks and networking session at the end.
- Tech in Motion: New York City
    This is a more commercial high end group that does events on a larger scale.
    Quality content presented by more influential individuals in the industry.
- Code Driven NYC: Software Engineering and Development
    "An event about building great software, exclusively for developers to learn
    & get inspired" says on their page. It's not only about the software though,
    I learned a lot about team management and team motivation from some of the
    talks.
- The Brooklyn iOS Developer Meetup
    Apple centric events with short talks about iOS, tvOS, watchOS, build
    presentations and more. Great atmosphere and organization. Hosted in
    Brooklyn

Hands-on meetups:
- NYC iOS Study Group
    Organized by Michael Batal. Events mainly take place in the Financial
    District. This is a great place to come with beginner questions, Michael is
    a Senior iOS Developer at IBM and would like to help you out.
- Cocoapods NYC
    This is a very special group organized by Orta Therox and Ash Furrow every
    Saturday. Hosted in the beautiful Artsy HQ on Broadway. Just being around
    guys like @orta, @ashfurrow, Dave and many other great engineers is a
    special experience. Not to mention if you need any help, they will do their
    best to help you out. It doesn't even have to be programming related, they
    can help you start a blog, give advice on how to start working to achieve
    certain goals.
- iOS Side Projects
    Like the description says "Get 1-on-1 help with your apps!". If you're
    experiencing problems with your app and are looking for advice or just a
    second opinion, this is the event to go to.
- GeekMeet - NYC
    As the name says, it's for geeks. Hosted in Financial District. This is a
    new group where "geeks meet" and hack something together.
- Beginner Programmers
    Mid-town based group organized by ... and ... This is a great event to
    attend to if you are thinking of starting to code but need some advice or
    help to get you going.

Other Meetup Groups:
- The Startup Station
    Lisa is an immigration lawyer who is hosting this events every now and then
    to familiarize who want to live and work in the US. She's an expert in
    the field of technology.
- In Good Company
    Every Friday morning the the Coffee Foundry entrepreneurs and
    wantrepreneurs gather and listen to an open interview with one of the
    founders of a successful startup/bussiness. Always great networking after
    also.
- Byte Academy: FinTech, Data Science, Python Coding Bootcamp
    Academy in Mid-town where a bunch of people learn how to code, business
    market, finance. They also have talks from influential people in the market
    every now and than.
- HackerNest NYC Tech Socials
    Beer and networking, that's what this is all about. Great event to meet
    business owners, programmers, designers,...
- TechHub NYC
    Great for early founders who need advise on what approach to take towards
    starting a bussiness in the US.

Of all of the above groups, I would recommend to go on at lest one Meetup event
of those five groups:

  - iOSoho - New York City's largest iOS Engineer Meetup
  - Cocoapods NYC
  - Tech After Hours
  - Brooklyn Swift Developers
  - HackerNest NYC Tech Socials

Pizza seems to be a key part of every tech meetup nowadays so why not list
where one can get a good slice of it?!

  - Cocoapods NYC
  - iOSoho - New York City's largest iOS Engineer Meetup
  - iOS Side Projects (If hosted in AMEX)
  - NYC iOS Study Group
  - NYC Apps

In summary: Even though that the tech scene in NYC is in the shadow of finance,
fashion and movies it's strong compared to the thrive that is happening in
Berlin.

I hope I provided some useful information and I'd be glad to hear your feedback.

Thank you!
