Presenting To-day | Daily to-do list app 📱

There's a lot of to-do list on the App Store and I think there's always room for
more. I'm having a lot of problems getting things done just because I feel like
whatever I do or create is not worth anything. I love creating though, and iOS
Development is what allows me to transform simple into reality very easily.

App needs a story. What is the story behind this app?

I'm a very self-conscious person with big ambitions and dreams. These two
characteristics don't go hand in hand well so I have to improvise a lot to get
where I want to be. One thing I do is I make apps to help me out with that.
To-day is one of them and after using it for a couple of months (while building
it) I decided to release it into the public and help others too. This is a
special moment for me because I don't approve of a lot of things I make.

How it helps me: I tried many to-do lists and they just don't seem to work for
me so I took the initial concept of a to-do list and started thinking of how to
make it work for me. First thing that came up was that once I put a task on the
list, it just stays there until I mark it as complete or delete it.

I didn't build To-day to not forget what to do, I built it to help get things
done today. I tend to procrastinate a lot just because whenever I want to start
working on something I get the feeling that it's gonna be irrelevant. Reading
through one of the countless articles about how to fight procrastination I tried
experimenting with writing down what I need to do since it should increase the
chance of getting it done because you visualize it. So I took that approach and
started building an app around the idea of writing down tasks you need to do
and complete them.

Next thing that was important is I don't want to have my list cluttered the next
day with all the tasks from yesterday and before that. That's where the idea
for reseting the list every day came from, and because I tend to work though the
night a lot I made the reset time to 5 AM. This also presented a motive for
completing the task today because tomorrow it will be gone. And since I hate the
feeling of setting something for the day and not completing it it motivates me
to complete it before the list resets and I can go to sleep with a good feeling
because I did everything I set out to do today.
