I discovered that the fastest way for me to learn something is by doing it.
That's why I do a lot of tutorials.

Going through a tutorial every day helps me get to know different skills that I
usually wouldn't know about. It's basically preparing for the future, because
you never know what kind of knowledge will be useful for the next thing you want
to build, that's why I like being prepared and see what all is out there so that
I know where to go or what to do when I need to. This is vital in the currently
fast changing tech scene.

Text vs video tutorials. I prefer written tutorials over video tutorials any
time. The ability to read through it slowly at your own pace is the main selling
point for me. Not to mention if I want to look back at something, the overview
of the content is bigger and easily searchable while in a video you only have
"now" and looking back or forward is really annoying with all that scrolling,
pausing and playing. I guess there are some advantages of a video tutorial, like
the ability to explain something with more than just words/pictures and bring
more context to the content with voice and gestures. I will try out some video
tutorials soon because I'm running out of written tutorials 😬. Maybe I will
stay to like them when I get more used to them but for now Text > Video ✌️.

Trello. I use Trello for keeping track of which tutorials I've already done or
still have to do. Instead of searching for tutorials every day I once or twice
a week all the tutorial sites to see if there are any new tutorials that I'm
interested in. In case there is a new tutorial I take the url and title and
create a new card from it in my "Learning - 1 Card A Day" list, which holds the
references of the tutorials that need to be done. So when that time in the day
comes that I decide to go through a tutorial, I just go to this list and pick
the first one (usually). When I'm done with the tutorial, I move the card to
the "Done" list. This allows me to get a tutorial quick w/o the need to search
around the internet and I don't have to think about which ones I've already done
so it's organized nicely.

Momentum. Helps me keep the habit alive, day to day. In the app I have a task
"Programming tutorial" and every time I finish a tutorial, I check a box. I
started doing it January 1st this year and it took me like 2 weeks to start
doing them daily (If I missed out a day I did 2 the next day). But now I'm
hooked, now no day can go by without me finishing a tutorial, totally addicted.
In combination with Trello, this became a vital part of my everyday and makes me
want to improve even when everything inside me is against it.

In summary. I started with "Tutorial A Day" because I felt I was missing out on
a lot of useful and interesting things (FOMO all the way 👊). At the beginning
of the year I decided to go through a tutorial every day this year. I love it,
I actually learn something new that I can use to either build a new feature or
improve what I already made. What always fascinates me is that even if I do a
tutorial about something I already know how to do, I learn a better way of doing
it or a new idea on how to approach different challenges.
