It's a productivity tool to get things done, not to not forget things

From the start this app was designed around helping people get things done.

I had a problem. I wasn't where I wanted to be, I knew what I had to do to get
there but it didn't do anything about it. Excuses, never ending excuses were
paralyzing me from growing and achieving my goals. Something needed to change
so I started thinking and searching for the source of what is holding me back.
Of course the answer was myself, but I needed to dig deeper into how I know what
I need to do to achieve the goal and what a great feeling it is once you get
there but I still couldn't do it. Turns out I'm having a hard time doings tasks
that don't bring me the short-term excitement. Fear of doing a lot of small
tasks over a long period of time was smaller than fear of missing out on all the
other opportunities that are presenting itself while being in for the long run.
It was very easy for me to get overwhelmed by my ambitious and dreamy goals
while comparing myself to Elon Musk or Steve Jobs all the time even though I
knew it took them decades of years to build something meaningful and valuable. I
still have that problem but I think I'm holding on pretty good for now.

My problem was getting easily overwhelmed by huge tasks and I couldn't find any
appropriate tool that would let me break down a huge task into smaller more
easily manageable tasks. I needed a solution that made me break down the big
task into tasks that can be done in a matter of hours, hence the every morning
list reset. The reset makes you keep tasks small and easily manageable and acts
as a deadline because you will not be able to access the task the next day, it
will be stored away in the state you left it in. So this is not a to-do list,
but more a get-done list.

- I have a problem with getting overwhelmed easily
- not a to-do list, get-done list
- Every morning reset
- It's fun and fulfilling when you get it done
- Added Today widget
- Importance of writing things down
- How it doesn't stop by just writing it down

There were different aspects considered when designing this app:
1. Write it down
By writing down the task you create a physical copy of it, which means you now
have an actual object to work with. Now having it on the get-done list means
you committed to doing it.
Read more about why writing down things is important in this excellent blogpost: http://blog.highperformancelifestyle.net/writing-things-down-2/

2. Complete it today
The list resets every morning at 5AM, which means the you want to keep your
tasks small and manageable. This helps you not to get overwhelmed especially if
you are working on a very big project.

3. Complete it
Completing a task gives you a satisfying feeling and a sense of accomplishment.
It is very addicting so which means you will want to add more tasks to the list
and even complete all of them.
